Less confusing stable channel recommendation (#791)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/concepts/faq.md

### Stable

> - On macOS/Darwin, use [nixpkgs-*-darwin](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/branches/all?query=nixpkgs-)

Reviewer: Darwin is still a minority of our users, it doesn't really make sense to put this as the first item.

  These branches point to commits where most Darwin packages can be substituted and don't have to be built.

> - On any other platform, use [`nixos-*`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/branches/all?query=nixos-).

Reviewer 2: Not sure what is the value of using the NixOS channel by default, most people using Nixpkgs without NixOS won't care about the NixOS test suite.

How do we explain the rationale to someone else?

Author: We don't really have a choice right now. There's no stable Hydra channel that contains Linux builds but doesn't run the NixOS tests.

This is pretty much unchanged with this PR though, already before this section recommended the `nixos-*` channels to all Linux users, even if they're not on NixOS.

Reviewer 2: Why do you think https://hydra.nixos.org/job/nixpkgs/trunk/unstable#tabs-constituents does not contain Linux builds?

Reviewer 2: Ah a stable channel.

- On Linux (including NixOS and WSL), use [`nixos-*`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/branches/all?query=nixos-).

>   These branches point to commits where most Linux packages can be substituted and don't have to be built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These branches point to commits where most Linux packages got pre-built and can be fetched from the binary cache.
```

  Furthermore, these commits passed the basic NixOS test suite.

- On macOS/Darwin, use [nixpkgs-*-darwin](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/branches/all?query=nixpkgs-)

>   These branches point to commits where most Darwin packages can be substituted and don't have to be built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These branches point to commits where most Darwin packages got pre-built and can be fetched from the binary cache.
```

No need to use fancy terms new users won't know.
